This web application is designed as an aid for anyone planning to travel to an unfamiliar city within their near future. The Dream Your Vacation App combines two of the most important aspects of recreational travel that a user may take into consideration when deciding what to pack as well as what activities they may want to engage in while on their stay. 

The landing page prompts the user with a modal that instructs the user on how to use the app and what information will be presented to the user upon search of their desired destination. The application has a search bar that takes an input of a city. Once the search button is clicked, the current weather and future weather forecasts for the next 7 days populate along the top of the application. A list of attractions also populates under the weather dashboard. These 10 attractions are recreational activities populated from a Trip Advisor API for the users exploration. 

The weather data that is populated on the screen is being called from an online API via AJAX. All of this data as well as well as the attractions data is appended onto the screen dynamically through logical loops that include HTML and Javascript. This logic is what populates the HTML elements into cards in which the user can see. The HTML cards contain the name of the attraction, an image of the attraction, a description, a link to a website affiliated with the attractionm and a rating. The rating provided is a numeric value scale that ranges from 1 to 5 including decimals that is provided by users that have given a 1-5 star review on the attraction in Trip Advisor's API. The logic is designed so that upon searching for a city, a new 10 attractions will populate without 2 of the same cards being populated in the same query.

The left side of the weather dashboard also contains a search history that shows the recent city entries searched by the user. These entries are displayed as a list to the left of the dashboard and below the search. Upon click of the cities listed in the history, the applicatiion will populate the city clicked in the search history that has been saved in the local storage of the local machine operating the application. If a user searches for a city that does not exist, or has a typo in the spelling of their desired destination, a modal will be presented to the user letting them know that their desired destinantion does not have available data. Upon leaving the landing page, once a user returns or reloads the page, the most recent searched city's information will populate in the weather dashboard from the local storage. 

The Dream Your Vacation utilizes Javascript, CSS, AJAX, Bootstrap and jQuery technologies. The ultimate purpose of this application is to provide the convenience of weather and activities for a user that is traveling within the near furture for the purpose of helping them plan out their perfect vacation. 